Jaden, voice-over: HERE WE ARE:
YEAR TWO AT DUEL ACADEMY!
SOMEHOW, I PASSED ALL MY FINALS,
AND I'M CHILLIN'
IN THE SLIFER RED DORM AGAIN.
Syrus: JADEN?
AH, WHO YA TALKING TO?
WELL, MY FANS, I GUESS.
BUT MAYBE THEY SHOULD
JUST WATCH FOR THEMSELVES.
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
KEEP UP,
YOU SWEDISH MEATBALL!
THEY'RE ALMOST HERE!
I'M FRENCH,
YOU IMBECILE!
PARDONNE-MOI FOR NOT
HAVING LONGER LEGS!
BESIDES,
WHAT'S THE RUSH ABOUT?
I TOLD YOU.
THE FRESHMEN.
THEIR BOAT IS ARRIVING
AS WE SPEAK!
SO BIG WHOOP.
JUST 'CAUSE
YOU'VE BEEN PROMOTED
TO SCHOOL CHANCELLOR,
ALL OF A SUDDEN
YOU CARE?
Jaden: YUP. YOU HEARD RIGHT.
CROWLER'S HEAD
OF THE SCHOOL NOW.
AND THAT SHORT, STOCKY,
BALDING GUY IS HIS NEW SIDEKICK,
VICE-CHANCELLOR BONAPARTE.
NOW, THESE TWO--
Syrus: AH, JADEN.
YOU'RE NARRATING AGAIN.
AH, RIGHT. SORRY.
SURELY YOU DIDN'T
DRAG ME OUT HERE
JUST TO GREET
THE NEW STUDENTS!
SO FESS UP,
MONSIEUR!
FEAST YOUR EYES ON THIS!
HA HA HA!
DID I MISS THE JOKE!?
ARE YOU CALLING
ASTER PHOENIX A JOKE!?
[GASP]
NOT ONLY IS
THIS SUPERSTAR
THE TOP-RANKED DUELIST
IN THE ENTIRE WORLD,
HE'S JOINED
THE FRESHMAN CLASS
OF OUR VERY SCHOOL!
THERE MUST BE A MISTAKE!
I MEAN...
A WORLD-CLASS
PROFESSIONAL
GOING BACK TO SCHOOL?
BUT WHY?
I DON'T KNOW.
BUT WITH A CELEBRITY
UNDER MY TUTELAGE,
I'LL BE FAMOUS!
AFTER ALL, EVERYONE ON EARTH
KNOWS ASTER PHOENIX!
HEY, KID!
I DON'T KNOW WHO YOU ARE...
BUT LET'S DUEL!
WRONG CATCHPHRASE!
WHAT I MEANT TO SAY WAS...
GET YOUR GAME ON!
DAY ONE,
AND JADEN'S ALREADY DUELING.
BUT WITH WHO?
BEATS ME.
BUT HE DEFINITELY
LOOKS FAMILIAR!
SO WHAT'S YOUR NAME,
FRESHMAN?
YOU CAN CALL ME "A.P."
ALL RIGHT, AP,
LET'S THROW DOWN!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
OK.
YOU READY, FRESHMAN?
BRING IT.
WOW. JADEN DOESN'T
WASTE ANY TIME,
DOES HE?
IT FIGURES HE CHALLENGED
A FRESHMAN.
ACTUALLY...THAT GUY
CHALLENGED HIM.
HE JUST SHOWED UP
IN OUR DORM ROOM AND WAS ALL,
"I'M HERE TO THROW DOWN WITH THE
BEST DUELIST IN THE ACADEMY.
AND FROM WHAT I HEAR,
THAT'S JADEN YUKI."
AND THAT BRINGS US HERE.
NOW TAKE A CLOSE LOOK.
I COULD SWEAR
I'VE SEEN THAT GUY BEFORE.
WELL...LET'S SEE
WHATCHA GOT, FRESHMAN.
YOU'RE RIGHT!
YEAH, HE DOES LOOK
FAMILIAR.
HEY, CHAZZ,
MAYBE HE GRADUATED
FROM THAT SNOOTY
PREP SCHOOL OF YOURS.
GOOD CALL!
HE DEFINITELY LOOKS RICH ENOUGH
AND STUCK-UP ENOUGH.
LOOK, SHRIMP.
HE'S NOTHING LIKE ME!
Aster: OJAMA YELLOW
IN DEFENSE MODE!
AAH!
OJAMA?
ARE YOU SURE?
TOLD YA
WE'RE NOT ALIKE!
THAT'S GOTTA BE
ONE OF THE DUMBEST
MOVES I'VE EVER SEEN!
I WOULD NEVER START OUT
WITH A LAME CARD
LIKE THAT!
YOU'D SAVE THE BEST
FOR LAST!
RIGHT, BOSS!?
RIGHT!?
WRONG.
NOW BEAT IT, PIT STAIN!
I LOVE IT WHEN YOU
USE MY PET NAME!
EXCUSE ME!?
OH, AH...NOTHING.
WHATEV'S.
ANYWAY,
I WONDER WHAT ELSE
HE HAS IN HIS DECK.
NOT MUCH, I BET.
WAIT. HOW DO YOU
KNOW THAT?
IT'S SIMPLE.
HE JUST ASSEMBLED
THAT DECK THIS MORNING
FROM RANDOM CARDS
IN THE CAMPUS CARD SHOP.
SORRY. STORE DOESN'T OPEN
TILL NEXT WEEK.
I JUST NEED A FEW CARDS.
OHH.
I HAVEN'T EVEN STOCKED
THE SHELVES YET.
THEN I'LL JUST TAKE
WHATEVER'S LYING AROUND.
I CAN WIN A DUEL WITH
PRETTY MUCH ANYTHING.
[MEOW]
PERFECT!
NO OFFENSE,
BUT YOU WON'T LAST
TOO LONG AT THIS SCHOOL
IF YOU BUILD YOUR DECK
LIKE THAT.
I'LL BE FINE.
BESIDES, THIS IS JUST
A TEMPORARY DECK.
FOR A LITTLE TEST.
IT'S TRUE.
GIMME A BREAK.
WHO DUELS
WITH LEFTOVER CARDS?!
THAT GUY.
ALL RIGHTY! HERE GOES.
IT LOOKS LIKE CLASS
IS IN SESSION!
SO MEET YOUR TEACHER.
ELEMENTAL HERO SPARKMAN!
OK, FRESHMAN.
I THINK IT'S TIME
FOR YOUR FIRST
DUEL ACADEMY LESSON!
SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN THE HARD WAY.
RIGHT?
BUT TRUST ME,
I CAN TEACH YOU WAY MORE
THAN SOME LAME
SCHOOL LECTURE.
WOW!
SO I GUESS IT'S TRUE.
YOU ARE AS GOOD
AS THEY SAY.
THANKS FOR THE PROPS!
BUT WHEN YOU PLAY CARDS
LIKE OJAMA,
YOU DON'T EXACTLY
MAKE IT TOO TOUGH.
HE'S RIGHT.
WHA'JA DO, TAKE LESSONS
FROM CHAZZ OR SOMETHING?
AAH!
LET'S TRY THIS AGAIN,
SHALL WE?
[THINKING]
SOON I'LL LEARN
ALL OF JADEN'S STRATEGIES.
ALL I HAFTA DO IS
CONTINUE TO PLAY WEAK CARDS.
I'LL PLACE THIS FACEDOWN
AND--HUH?
WHAT'S THE DEAL?
IT'S COOL.
JUST MY CELL PHONE!
[GROAN]
IT'S ME. WHAT UP?
[GRUNTING]
NAH, I'M NOT BUSY AT ALL.
WHO WHIPS OUT
A CELL PHONE
IN THE MIDDLE OF A DUEL?
THAT'S OBNOXIOUS.
YEAH, NO JOKE.
HE REALLY IS
LIKE YOU, CHAZZ.
CALM DOWN.
HE'S A FRESHMAN.
YOU WERE A CRAZY KID
LIKE HIM LAST YEAR,
JADEN.
[DEEP BREATH]
YA KNOW...
I DIDN'T EVEN THINK
WE GOT RECEPTION
OUT HERE.
THAT'S RIGHT.
YEAH, I'M DUELING HIM
AS WE SPEAK.
EXCELLENT.
SO, ANY LAST-MINUTE
WORDS OF ADVICE?
THE REAPER OF SOULS
IS IN REVERSE.
YOU KNOW WHAT MUST BE DONE.
ABSOLUTELY!
THANKS FOR THE CALL.
Jaden: ALL RIGHT!
GET YOUR PHONE OFF
AND YOUR GAME ON!
Jaden: SO YOU'RE
GONNA ACTUALLY
PLAY A GOOD
CARD THIS TIME, RIGHT?
OH, YOU MEAN SOMETHING
LIKE THIS ONE?
IT'S A SPELL CARD
CALLED RELOAD!
AND HERE'S HOW IT WORKS.
FIRST,
I TOSS ALL MY CARDS.
THEN I PUT 'EM RIGHT BACK
IN MY DECK AND REDRAW!
WAIT. SO YOU'RE
GETTING A DO-OVER!?
YOU SAID YOURSELF
I NEEDED BETTER CARDS.
SO I THOUGHT I'D START OVER.
I KNEW THAT.
WAY TO FOLLOW
MY ADVICE, FRESHMAN!
[SIGH]
BEING A MENTOR
IS HARD WORK.
SO TELL ME.
WHAT ELSE
HAVE YOU LEARNED
FROM DUELING
AN UPPERCLASSMAN
LIKE ME?
THIS!
I ACTIVATE THE SANCTUARY
IN THE SKY!
HUH? OHH.
SO YOU, AH, PLAYED A BIG
BUILDING ON SOME CLOUDS,
HUH?
EXACTLY
WHAT I WOULD'VE DONE.
GLAD I COULD HELP!
SO THEN I GUESS
YOU KNEW I'D PLAY THIS!
WARRIOR OF ZERA!
BUT HERE'S A LITTLE TWIST
FOR YOU!
I'M SACRIFICING IT
TO SUMMON ARCHLORD ZERATO!
AND HERE'S A LITTLE
SOMETHING ELSE
YOU MIGHT NOT'VE EXPECTED.
I DECIDED TO SEND MY MYSTICAL
SHINE BALL TO THE GRAVEYARD!
AND IT TAKES ALL
YOUR MONSTERS WITH IT!
AND NOW...
ARCHLORD ZERATO,
STRIKE HIS LIFE POINTS
DIRECTLY!
SACRED SURGE!
[ROAR]
THAT'S GONNA
LEAVE A MARK.
IT'S LIKE THIS ONE TIME
AT DUEL CAMP
WHEN AN ARCH-LORD
ATTACKED ME--
Chazz:
ZIP IT, TWERP.
[GRUNTING]
THAT'S ALL FOR NOW.
HEY...YOU OK?
OK? YOU KIDDING?!
AH, NO.
I'VE BEEN WAITIN'
ALL SUMMER
FOR A MATCH LIKE THIS!
AND THE BEST PART IS
IT'S MY MOVE!
SO I SUMMON
ELEMENTAL HERO CLAYMAN
IN DEFENSE MODE!
AND NEXT...
I ACTIVATE
MY METAMORPHOSIS
SPELL CARD!
THEN I SACRIFICE
CLAYMAN
TO SUMMON
ELEMENTAL HERO
CLAY GUARDIAN!
PATROL PENALTY!
WHAT'S THAT!?
TELL ME!
I'D BE GLAD TO.
YA SEE...
YOU JUST LOST
600 POINTS!
200 FOR
EACH OF YOUR CARDS!
NOW I'LL THROW DOWN
A FACEDOWN.
AND THEN...I THINK
I'LL CALL IT QUITS.
NOW LEMME
LAY IT DOWN FOR YA.
YOUR FIRST PROBLEM IS,
YOU MANAGED TO USE UP
EVERY CARD IN YOUR HAND!
EXHIBIT B:
YOUR ARCHLORD...
HAS THE SAME
NUMBER OF POINTS
THAT MY CLAY GUARDIAN
HAS.
SO YOUR CHANCE OF
WINNING IS LIKE 95%!
'SCUSE ME, OH WISE ONE.
BUT AREN'T THOSE
GOOD ODDS!?
HA HA HA!
I WAS JUST TESTIN' YA!
REAL SMOOTH.
HOW DID THAT KID
MAKE IT PAST
THE REVIEW BOARD?
WAIT, SO YOU MEAN
HIS MATH WAS WRONG?
ALL I NEED NOW IS A MONSTER
THAT'S STRONGER THAN YOURS.
SO LET'S SEE WHAT FATE
HAS IN STORE FOR ME.
IT'S NOT ABOUT FATE.
IT'S ABOUT LISTENING.
TAKE ME.
I'M ALWAYS LISTENING
TO WHAT MY CARDS
HAVE TO SAY.
YOU REALLY ARE NUTS!
YOU EXPECT ME TO HAVE A
CONVERSATION WITH MY CARDS!?
YEAH.
TRY USIN' YOUR CELL.
MAYBE SEND
A TEXT MESSAGE!
HEY!
THEY JUST MIGHT ANSWER.
[THINKING]
THIS JADEN KID ISN'T
WHO I EXPECTED AT ALL.
I MEAN,
HE GIVES USELESS ADVICE,
HE CAN'T COMPUTE
A SIMPLE MATH PROBLEM,
AND TO TOP IT ALL OFF,
HE HEARS VOICES IN HIS HEAD.
I GUESS IT'S TIME
TO END THIS DUEL
AND MOVE ON WITH MY LIFE.
AH, THE INVERTED CHARIOT.
A FOREWARNING
THAT THE END IS NEAR.
Jaden:
REMEMBER, FRESHMAN,
LISTEN TO YOUR DECK!
WHATEVER.
BAD CARD, HUH?
YOU MIGHT WANNA WORK
ON THAT POKER FACE
A BIT.
PERHAPS.
OR MAYBE I JUST WANT YOU
TO THINK IT'S A BAD CARD.
OR COULD IT BE
I DON'T WANT TO WIN?
AND YOU CALLED ME NUTS!?
WHEN YOU ACCEPTED
MY CHALLENGE...
DID'JA EVER STOP
AND ASK YOURSELF...
WHAT DO I WANT?
WHY DID I COME HERE?
AND MOST IMPORTANTLY,
OUT OF EVERYONE HERE,
WHY DID I CHALLENGE YOU?
WELL, THE TRUTH IS,
I HEARD YOU WERE THE BEST,
AND I CAME HERE
TO TEST YOU.
COME ON,
YOU CAN'T BE SERIOUS.
HELLO! THIS IS
DUEL ACADEMY, BRO!
THEY GIVE US TESTS
IN THIS PLACE EVERY DAY!
BUT THEY'RE NEVER
AS SWEET AS THIS!
OF COURSE THEY'RE NOT.
'CAUSE THIS ONE'S
NOT ABOUT GRADES.
IT'S ABOUT DESTINY.
WHAT?!
MAYBE MY BECKONING LIGHT
WILL CLEAR THINGS UP!
HERE'S THE DEAL.
ONCE I TOSS OUT MY HAND,
A LIGHT ATTRIBUTE MONSTER
RETURNS FROM MY GRAVEYARD!
THEN I'LL USE ZERATO'S
EFFECT AGAIN!
AND YOU KNOW WHAT
THAT MEANS, DON'T YOU!?
YOU'RE GUARDIAN'S A GONER!
SEE YA!
WHOA. NOT BAD!
YOU THINK THAT'S IMPRESSIVE?
WATCH THIS.
ARCHLORD,
ATTACK HIM DIRECTLY!
SACRED SURGE!
YOUR ARCHLORD'S GONNA
HAFTA CHILL FOR A SEC!
'CAUSE I PLAY FLUTE
OF SUMMONING KURIBOH!
WHICH,
IF YOU COULDN'T TELL,
SUMMONS A KURIBOH!
THANKS FOR
TAKIN' THE HIT, PAL.
NOW, THEN...
WHAT WAS ALL THAT
BUSINESS BACK THERE
ABOUT "DESTINY!?"
IT'S SIMPLE.
EVERYTHING
THAT HAPPENS TO US
IS PLANNED OUT
THE DAY WE'RE BORN.
LOSERS ARE BORN
TO BE LOSERS....
AND LEGENDS ARE
BORN TO BE LEGENDS.
"LEGEND?" WHO, ME?
AW, COME ON.
"HERO," PERHAPS.
OR MAYBE "TEEN IDOL."
[LAUGHING]
SOMEONE
STOP HIM.
WELL, AT LEAST
HE'S HAVING FUN.
GLAD SOMEONE IS.
HA HA HA!
I'M A SUPERSTAR.
WHO KNEW?
WELL,
I GUESS I DID.
ONCE YOU LOCATE
THIS JADEN YUKI,
HE IS TO DEFEAT YOU,
IS THAT UNDERSTOOD?
IT'S THE ONLY WAY
I CAN BE CERTAIN
THAT HE IS INDEED
THE ONE.
TRUST ME,
IT'S FOR THE BEST.
THERE'S GOTTA BE
ANOTHER WAY.
I'VE NEVER THROWN A DUEL.
ASTER, HAVE I EVER ONCE
STEERED YOU WRONG?
YOU MUST TRUST IN ME.
[THINKING]
HOW CAN A MANAGER
TELL HIS STAR PLAYER TO LOSE!?
ALL RIGHT!
IT'S "THE LEGEND'S"
TURN!
SO STAND BACK!
SWEET!
I PLAY ELEMENTAL HERO
BUBBLEMAN!
IF MY FIELD'S EMPTY,
WHICH IT JUST SO
HAPPENS TO BE,
THEN I GET TO DRAW TWO
NEW CARDS FROM MY DECK!
I'LL THROW DOWN
A FACEDOWN...
AND THEN PLAY THIS!
THE WARRIOR
RETURNING ALIVE!
WHICH MEANS THAT
ONE OF MY WARRIORS...
WELL, RETURNS...
YOU KNOW, ALIVE.
AND NOW...
I PLAY POLYMARIZATION!
HOW 'BOUT THAT?
OH, SO "THE LEGEND"
RENDERED YOU
SPEECHLESS, EH?
WELL, THIS OUGHTA
GET A REACTION!
I FUSE BUBBLEMAN,
AVIAN, AND SPARKMAN!
IN ORDER TO CREATE...
ELEMENTAL HERO TEMPEST!
READY? ATTACK!
PUT HIM AWAY
WITH GLIDER STRIKE!
HE'LL LOSE!
AH, NO, HE WON'T.
WHAT'S WRONG?
YA DIDN'T LEARN THAT
IN SUMMER SCHOOL?
OHH.
I'M SURE YOU KNOW...
ALL I HAFTA DO IS SEND
ONE OF MY FIELD CARDS
TO THE GRAVEYARD.
THAT WAY, MY TEMPEST
CAN'T BE DESTROYED!
HMM.
NOW FOR THE ENCORE!
CHECK THIS OUT!
DE-FUSION!
IT TRANSFORMS MY TEMPEST
BACK INTO SPARKMAN,
AVIAN, AND BUBBLEMAN!
BUBBLEMAN,
YOU'RE UP FIRST!
AVIAN!
QUILL CASCADE!
NOW, SPARKMAN!
FINISH HIM OFF WITH
STATIC SHOCKWAVE!
AAH!
AND THAT'S GAME!
HEY, I HOPE
MY TRIPLE THREAT
DIDN'T ROCK YA
TOO HARD.
NAH, I'M FINE.
NICE GAME.
RIGHT ON.
YOU HAD SOME
PRETTY SWEET MOVES.
NOT BAD--
FOR A FRESHMAN,
THAT IS.
GEE, THANKS.
YOU JUST KEEP ON
PRACTICING, KID.
MAYBE YOU'LL EVEN
BE A LEGEND SOME DAY.
YA KNOW, LIKE ME.
HA HA HA!
BUT THAT'S
A LONG WAY OFF.
FIRST, YOU HAFTA
STOP BEING SO COCKY.
I MEAN, I'M GREAT,
BUT YOU DON'T
SEE ME BRAGGING.
WHAT A DUEL, HUH, GUYS!?
AND THAT NEW
MYSTERY STUDENT
IS QUITE THE LOOKER,
DON'T YA THINK?
DID ANYONE CATCH HIS NAME?
UH...A.P.?
Jaden: SO I GUESS I'LL
SEE YA 'ROUND, AP!
[LAUGHING]
[THINKING]
I DON'T GET IT.
SURE, THIS JADEN KID
IS A DECENT DUELIST.
BUT I DON'T SEE WHY
MY MANAGER'S
SO OBSESSED WITH HIM.
AND I STILL
DON'T UNDERSTAND
HOW JOINING THIS SCHOOL
IS GONNA HELP MY CAREER.
BUT I GUESS
SARTORIUS KNOWS BEST.
[GIGGLES]
DON'T BE
A STRANGER...
STRANGER.
Jaden: SO,
WHAT'D YOU GUYS THINK
ABOUT MY FIRST DUEL
OF THE YEAR?
IT WAS PRETTY SWEET,
HUH?
WELL? SPILL IT!
Syrus: YOU ROCKED!
WAY TA PLAY, J!
ANYONE WHO THINKS
YOU'RE A LEGEND
ISN'T THE SHARPEST TACK
IN THE BOX.
MAYBE.
BUT HE WAS KINDA CUTE.
UH, DIDN'T NOTICE.
ANYWAY...I'M SURE
WE HAVEN'T SEEN
THE LAST OF AP.
Syrus: HEY! WAIT!
HE SAID
HIS NAME WAS A.P.!
HUH?
OHH!
I KNEW IT!
HE'S...
ASTER PHOENIX!
OK. SO HE'S GOT
A WEIRD NAME.
JADEN, THINK!
ASTER PHOENIX
IS THE NUMBER ONE
DUELIST
IN THE WORLD LEAGUE!
AS IN: HE'S A PRO!
YER KIDDIN' ME!
I MEAN, OF COURSE.
YOU DIDN'T KNOW THAT!?
HUH.
IT LOOKS LIKE THE PRO
TOOK A SCHOOLIN'
FROM THE STUDENT!
HMM.
Dorothy: UH, JADEN?
I SHOULD PROBABLY TELL YOU
THAT WASN'T ASTER'S REAL DECK.
HE PUT IT TOGETHER THIS MORNING!
HE WHAT?!
YOU MEAN...
I JUST DUELED A GUY...
WHO WAS USING LEFTOVER CARDS?
CHEER UP.
AT LEAST
YOU WON.
THAT'S RIGHT,
YOU LEGEND, YOU.
OH, YEAH! YOU'RE RIGHT.
AND NOW I HAVE A REMATCH
TO LOOK FORWARD TO.
HEY, ASTER!
THIS GAME IS STILL ON!
[STUDENTS CHATTERING]
THIS DOESN'T
MAKE ANY SENSE.
HE'S A NO-SHOW.
ASTER!?
Bonaparte:
AU CONTRAIRE, MONFRERE.
HE'S RIGHT THERE!
12:00!
[GASP]
CAN YOU LADIES TELL ME
WHO'S IN CHARGE 'ROUND HERE?
Both: LADIES!?
YOU HEARD ME!!
WHO'S TOP IN COMMAND
IN THESE PARTS?!
THAT WOULD BE ME.
NOW, THEN--AAH!
I GOT A BONE TA PICK!
YOU GOT THAT!?
WELL, SUNSHINE!?
10-4?
I'M THE BEST DUELIST
WEST OF THE RIO GRANDE!
SO WHY AM I STATIONED
IN THE YELLOW BARRACKS?
THAT'S' BECAUSE...
WELL, YOU SEE...
FEEL FREE TO
JUMP IN, BONAPARTE.
LISTEN!
I WANT BLUE!
AH, BONAPARTE!?
RIGHT.
WHAT MY COLLEAGUE HERE
IS TRYING TO SAY...
IS THAT SOMEONE
LIKE YOU
WOULD NEVER WANNA BE
STUCK IN THE BLUE DORM.
YEAH!? WHY'S THAT!?
YOU'RE TOO...DARING.
YES, YES.
THAT'S WHAT IT IS.
A THRILL-SEEKER LIKE YOU
DOESN'T BELONG WITH THE BLUES.
YES, YOU HAVE
WAY TOO MUCH CHARM.
NOT TO MENTION
JOIE DE VIVE.
AND TONS OF
JE NE SAIS QUOI.
WELL, THANKS! I THINK?
HEH HEH HEH!
YOU GALS
ARE ALL RIGHT!
FORWARD MARCH!
LEFT...LEFT...
WHO WAS THAT!?
BEATS ME.
HMM. WELL.
THAT SETTLES IT.
THIS SCHOOL'S A JOKE.
WE NEED A STAR
LIKE ASTER PHOENIX,
NOT MORE SLACKERS.
YOU'RE RIGHT!
YES, BUT HE STOOD US UP!
WHO NEEDS HIM?
YOU AND I CAN HAVE
A WHOLE SCHOOL FULL OF STARS!
I'M NOT SO SURE
I'M FOLLOWING YOU.
I MEAN WE ELIMINATE
THE RED DORM.
THEN IT'S AU REVOIR,
SLACKERS;
AND HELLO, STARS!
GET IT!?
[LAUGHTER]
IT'S NOT THAT FUNNY.
♪ CHILLING OUT
WITH THE CREW IN
THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE ♪
♪ NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL,
BACK AT CLASS ♪
♪ THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE
'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪